Kovex ERP - Project Summary Status

1. Project Name

Kovex ERP

Full Name:
Kovex ERP

Subtitle:
Smart Business Management for SMEs

Name Meaning:
Kovex ERP is derived from KO, referring to KOBI, small and medium-sized businesses, and VEX, which gives the name a modern, technical, and scalable product identity.

2. Project Goal

The project is a simplified ERP system for small and medium businesses. It helps manage sales, purchases, inventory, customers, suppliers, reports, planning tasks, and users from one organized application.

3. Current Project Status

Status: Running and structured

The project has been installed, typechecked, restructured, and tested locally. The frontend application runs successfully from the new folder structure.

Current local frontend URL:
http://localhost:8081/

4. Current Folder Structure

packages/front
Frontend application. This contains the React, Vite, TypeScript, Tailwind UI, pages, components, layouts, and mock API.

packages/back
Backend application. This contains the Express server, REST API routes, backend logic, and server entry files.

packages/database
Database package. This contains the Drizzle ORM configuration, database connection, and schema files.

packages/api-contract
API contract package. This contains the OpenAPI specification used to describe backend endpoints and shared API models.

packages/api-client
Generated frontend API client. This package gives the frontend typed API functions and React Query hooks.

packages/api-validation
Generated backend validation package. This package gives the backend request and response validation types.

docs
Documentation folder. This contains project explanation, diagram flow, and status text files.

5. Main Technology Stack

Frontend:
React
Vite
TypeScript
Tailwind CSS
React Query

Backend:
Node.js
Express
TypeScript
REST API

Database:
PostgreSQL
Drizzle ORM

Package Management:
pnpm workspace

API Contract:
OpenAPI
Orval code generation

6. Completed Work

Dependencies installed.
Frontend runs locally.
TypeScript typecheck passes.
Project structure changed from apps/web and apps/api to packages/front and packages/back.
Workspace configuration updated.
Root scripts updated.
README updated.
Flowchart documentation created.
OpenAPI codegen output paths updated.

7. Verified Commands

pnpm install --ignore-scripts
pnpm run typecheck
pnpm run dev:front

8. Application Modules

Dashboard
Shows business summary information such as sales, inventory alerts, and overview data.

Sales
Manages customers, quotations, orders, and invoices.

Purchases
Manages suppliers, purchase orders, and purchase invoices.

Inventory
Manages products, warehouses, and stock levels.

Planning
Manages projects and tasks.

Reports
Shows sales, purchase, and inventory reports.

Settings
Manages users.

9. Main Business Logic

Sales flow:
Customer -> Quotation -> Order -> Invoice -> Stock decreases -> Sales report updates

Purchase flow:
Supplier -> Purchase Order -> Purchase Invoice -> Stock increases -> Purchase report updates

Inventory flow:
Products and warehouses -> Stock tracking -> Low stock alerts -> Inventory reports

Planning flow:
Projects -> Tasks -> Progress tracking

10. Current Running Mode

The frontend is running in mock API mode. This means the UI can be used without starting PostgreSQL or the real backend server.

Mock API mode is useful for:
Frontend development
UI testing
Fast demos
Working without database setup

11. Real Backend Mode

To run the real backend, PostgreSQL must be running and DATABASE_URL must be configured.

Required steps:
Create PostgreSQL database.
Set DATABASE_URL.
Push database schema.
Start backend server.
Start frontend with MOCK_API=false.

12. Important Commands

Install dependencies:
pnpm install

Run frontend:
pnpm run dev:front

Run backend:
pnpm run dev:back

Typecheck:
pnpm run typecheck

Build:
pnpm run build

Push database schema:
pnpm --filter @sme-erp/database run push

Generate API client and validation files:
pnpm --filter @sme-erp/api-contract run codegen

13. Remaining Optional Work

Set up PostgreSQL database for real backend mode.
Test all backend endpoints with real data.
Add authentication and permissions if required.
Add more reports and charts.
Add accounting module in the future.
Add notifications in the future.
Add mobile support in the future.

14. Final Summary

Kovex ERP is currently organized, documented, installed, and runnable. The new structure is clear: packages/front contains the frontend, packages/back contains the backend server and API, and the remaining packages support database access, API contracts, generated clients, and validation. The project is ready for continued development, UI work, backend integration, and diagram creation.
